Add Synopsys-VCS and GATK files (#416)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/gatk.md

---
name: Genome Analysis Toolkit (GATK)
category: Miscellaneous
description: GATK (Genome Analysis Toolkit) is a robust software application designed for analyzing genomic data. It includes a variety of tools to assist in discovering genetic variations and conducting genotyping in extensive sequencing studies.
download_url: https://github.com/broadinstitute/gatk/releases
works_on_arm: FALSE
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 
    release_date: 

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://gatk.broadinstitute.org/hc/en-us
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://gatk.broadinstitute.org/hc/en-us/articles/360036194592-Getting-started-with-GATK4
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum: 

>     other_info: A discussion was initiated about Linux/ARM64 support, but one member responded that there are currently no plans for ARM64 architecture. Kindly refer [here](https://gatk.broadinstitute.org/hc/en-us/community/posts/5462468688539-Is-ARM64-Linux-MacOS-architecture-officially-supported).

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: A discussion was initiated about Linux/ARM64 support, but one of the maintainer responded that there are currently no plans for ARM64 architecture. Kindly refer [here](https://gatk.broadinstitute.org/hc/en-us/community/posts/5462468688539-Is-ARM64-Linux-MacOS-architecture-officially-supported).
```
